free resources to learn instagram
marketing according to status there are
over 1 billion users on instagram
wouldn't you love to learn how to market
them well today i'm gonna break down
seven free resources to teach you
marketing on instagram resource number
one
instagram unlocked you can find it on
the neilpatel.com website and this
training is a six part video course that
teaches you all aspects of instagram for
how to get more followers to how to
analyze your stats see even how to run
ads and even sell on instagram what's
cool about this course is
there are cheat sheets homework
assignments planners calendars and other
worksheets to make your life easier
so even if you're new to instagram if
you follow the worksheets it'll help you
out drastically resource number two
instagram marketing by hubspot the
course has 21 videos six lessons and six
quizzes it's a whopping two hours and 30
minutes long you have to sign up to view
the course but it's free to sign up
one of the lessons i love in this course
is how to create a remarkable instagram
ad content
they also have a lesson on creating
remarkable content just in general in
case you don't want to run instagram ads
resource number three instagram
marketing basics by simply learn
if you're just starting with instagram
and you haven't figured out the basics
yet or the correct way to even set up
your profile this course is great for
you it doesn't go over too many advanced
elements such as monetization and how to
use it as a business tool but it's a
great resource for getting started this
course is roughly two hours long all
video based and upon completion you get
a completion certificate in case you
want to use it to help you get a job
resource 4 instagram training by later
if you aren't familiar with later it's a
social media marketing tool they have a
whole section on instagram training
what's cool about their training is it's
short and to the point it's not really
laid out like a course format but you
can quickly find where you need help
read an article about it or watch a
video about it on later and boom you're
off into the races it's great if you're
self-sufficient resource 5 increase
instagram engagement on your business
profile by coursera
the reason i wanted to highlight this
course is because business profiles to
not to get as much engagement
this course is designed to fix that it
breaks down step by step how you can
create a popular business profile this
is important because business profiles
are easier to monetize and if you don't
have an ad budget you of course still
want traction
this course will help you with all of
that resource 6
class central's instagram repository
if you have a lot of time this is worth
checking out they literally have many
courses on instagram it's too many to
count and they have them in different
languages from arabic to french to
german and the list goes on and on it's
going to be more time consuming than
most other courses and resources i
mentioned today but if you want to get
into the nitty-gritty about every aspect
of instagram and you don't mind putting
in the time it's worth checking out
last but not least resource 7 the meta
blueprint the more you're on instagram
the more facebook makes
they have a whole section on their
website on how to sell online using meta
platforms from facebook to instagram
they cover all the ad technologies
extremely well it's worth checking this
resource out if you're considering
running paid ads funny enough i would
check out this resource before starting
to run any ads anyways it's always great
to get the platform's point of view now
if you need help with instagram or even
any social platform or even ads check
out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching